feat(timers): add details on timers and timers failure (#698)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/release-notes.md

Connectors are executed in an asynchrous manner. In earlier versions each work was waiting for the connector to end before processing other workload. This resulted in degraded performance if few connectors had a long execution time.
Worker threads are now released as soon as the execution of the connector is triggered. see [connector execution page](connectors-execution.md) for more details.

## Timer execution

Bugs were fixed to increase stability of the integration with Quartz

> * BS-19239 Exception during Quartz Job execution leave the associated flownode in WAITING state and the process execution is stopped

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BS-19239 Exception during Quartz Job execution leaves the associated flownode in WAITING state and the process execution is stopped
```

> * BR-56 Failure in a cron timer stop cancel future executions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BR-56 Failure in a cron timer cancels future executions
```
